If I could meet anyone in the world then I think it would have to be Sam
Harris. There's a lot of people I respect. There's Stephen Hawking
who is a really great guy, I'm actually working on a project here
at my computer science that can help him speak. There are smart guys
like Neil Degrasse Tyson, he's a physicist who is really bright. He just
narrated the most recent Cosmos about the planets in the world
just like Carl Sagan did back in the day, so a really bright guy but
those are the people that can teach me something, I don't think that
I could provide anything to them. I don't think that our conversations
would be on the same plane. But Sam Harris, he's a person who
kinda like Richard Dawkins, he's an atheist and he has ideas about different
religions and he's also a computer scientist who has ideas
about artificial intelligence. He has lots of different ideas to talk
about I think that can make for excellent conversation. I disagree
with him about a lot of things and I think that he could actually change
my mind about a lot of things which is why I wanna meet him.